today we invented a new game with
ordered bugs and scorpions from Thailand
a few weeks ago and came up with a game
we called bugs pong the rules were
simple every Cup has a number associated
with a bag of insects for every Cup
getting hit the team has to eat a
handful of the corresponding insects
with six bags two bags of mixed bucks
one bag of Queen Weaver ants one bag of
jungle trail mix one bag of mixed pupa
and four armored tailed scorpions here
our friends cristela Emma we met during
the Spanish speaking episode to help us
unpack the bugs and watch us suffer the
game was on and we took this very
seriously
[Music]
yeah we started at six six and Omar
scored the first cup Crystal unpacked
our scorpions while Darren and I got
ready and we went for it
[Music]
I was determined to get my revenge and
on the next shot I did by hitting the
exact same caucus the wind chills
[ __ ] gross buddy yeah I could eat
this all day a couple of missed rounds
went by and I scored the front cut bag
number two you actually fix bugs
[Music]
Matt and Ammar are sharing these bad
boys
[Music]
be like a fish just eating up nasty
things
the game was now at five for another
favor and just like we did earlier they
tie with the same cup so then and I had
to eat mixed bugs as well
[Music]
Darren took it out without a cringe
trial and trial well I convinced crystal
to try me as well what is that it's just
[Laughter]
was my turn well my face is descriptive
enough here the game was tied at 4-4 on
the next round Matt and Ammar both
scored so we had two bags to open so not
good Oh too bad
oh yes no good
oh these would probably the best ones
yeah right it was now 42 and on the next
round I scored the best couple Paul
Menton amara eating the first no these
are the forest ones the jungle trail mix
which contains a large Asian mmm a giant
water scorpion and a male Rhino beetle
I'm stoked bruh bruh my wanted to
restore his public image after his
waxing episode and ate the entire
scorpion yeah well the haters that hated
on Hayden Ammar he's about to eat a
scorpion see this here we go
any big so bad well Matt glad you guys
do this is disgusting
so the sense oh my god it's hairy begin
[Music]
oh I think I threw out very soon in that
in my country we shoot them off the
walls with slippers my mom would go like
like this just like cockroach it
literally tastes like a rug that's
actually very true very accurate I
bought your vividness in the description
and right after at 3:00 to Matt scores
the same cup again the last giant water
scorpion - grew up and I was not looking
forward to it now you're both kids there
and and either you bite it so he can
take the rest he doesn't like it though
there and then squirt cup number one
another mixed bugs I'm so I'm so I'm so
done whoo it looks like an ant Jesus
makes legs yeah this is fun and then
right after cup number five with mixed
pupa which contains super worms
mealworms sagol worms and silk worms the
game was not tied at 1-1
and for the last Cup
a mark came close on the redemption and
then the unlikely happened every inch
mark face
[Music]
we now all had to get a cup with a few
bugs from every single back over all
with an amazing space filled with
protein and we got to explore some of
the food many people actually eat in
many parts of the world I'll see you
tomorrow
[Music]
going down